youtube this is our God creator 44
showing you how to fix your xbox 360
game disc well this is modern warfare 3
trying to fix it there's a gash
somewhere on the disk i do not know
where it is but first put it in the
water and sit there for a couple second
make sure it's a hot more imperfect at
temperature just like what you wanted at
this sorry about my bathroom window it's
all songs what this will involve
toothpaste just for all you people just
let me know alright since I've been an
ocean no you get a good clean towel or
like kind of a wet and warm towel put it
on there let it dry a little bit get
some toothpaste put some toothpaste on
the disk now a whole lot boat and it
around the disk
all right this you do enough that
together oh no you try not to get it in
the middle I done that before I mean you
can get it in the middle but not a lot
but I've done that so yeah all right
let's put this in the water for about 23
minutes try and wash it off talk about
that though want to get all the
toothpaste off every bit of it I please
all off to stop let it sit there for
about two to three minutes like HS that
earlier and that should work so yeah oh
yeah by the way it's my iphone and this
is me o-tay get used to it all right so
so what you practically want to do is
just one deal that fit dry it off and
ditch your words one with the water
drink now Oh have to fail is falling
please like for the epic fail I'll let
the water drain out the dance pop there
if use backup towels this one's kind of
one but it'll work all right I'm going
to put this down real quick you guys
hang in there full eight hours or
whatever and buy stuff off you get this
I'm going to dab it all over dry it off
once you're done dab and make sure you
get the bits of toilet paper or towel
off and now you just know it's up to fan
it
this is my first time doing it trying to
fix modern warfare 3 see if it'll work
so it should work alright just get some
of that excess water off there and let's
go put it in the xbox we are now in my
room there is my TV with the xbox
dashboard you're going to open the tray
I have to bang in my xbox to get it open
we'll put the tray in there in the
clothes tray it's closing its reading
the desk if it works then we have
success but I this is my modern warfare
3 controller you create even see you
alright that's just reading now if it
works then there we go that's all right
it works um thanks for watching YouTube
please all like subscribe and that's it
thank you for watching bye y'all peace